Hey, stand there for me
You stinky driver
If it weren't for Lao Tzu's driver having a stomachache one day
Can it be your turn to drive a dirty guy like me?
I am flattering
Did I hear it wrong just now?
The poor man said
He is also here for the wedding party
That's right. That's right.
What Mandarin do you speak in broad daylight?
Just laughing to death
You heard right
I'm here to participate in today's Fang Family Lianyun Banquet
and
I can come to give their Fang family a chance.
Are you confused with a fever?
What are you?
Pretending to force him to come in front of Lao Tzu, hahaha
Immediately you see he's blind
Why did we just drive here?
God, isn't this murder?
Immediately, how can the noble status suffer such humiliation?
I don't have a good plan
But I didn't get you there safely.
Didn't I drive steadily enough along the way just now?
Keep it open. What's wrong?
Who made you drive so steadily?
The old man hates stability the most
Oops, now you see that arrogant look?
You stinky driver
You don't want to live anymore, do you?
No one dares to talk to me like that next week
If you offend, you will die immediately.
Don't say I didn't give you a chance.
Now kneel down and kowtow to me, and I will admit my mistake
forgive